Fix error while calling nonexistent entry point selector (#2606)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Forge

#### Fixed

> - When a contract call function via safe-dispatcher, calling non-existent entrypoint now returns `Err` instead of panicking.

Author: Not quite sure about this sentence.

> - When a contract call function via safe-dispatcher, calling non-existent entrypoint now returns `Err` instead of panicking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calling contract functions via safe-dispatcher now returns an `Err` when attempting to invoke a non-existent entry point, instead of causing a panic.
```
